# Problem Statement

# Examples
## Example 1

# Approach: Last Value Window function
I can split this problem into two queries that i have to somehow join together.
The first one is to select all the different products from the table. This is because i want all products and if their change date is later than the given date, i still want the product but with its original price 10.
Then, i want to select all the changes before the given date and select the last change for each product.
Then i want to take the first table with all the products and left join it with the changes table such that if there is no change, the price remains 10.

To get the last change in price i am going to use the last value function partitioned by product_id order by change date.
rows between unbounded preceding and unbounded following means to take from the start of the table to the end and search for the value.
## Code
### MySQL
```sql
with cte as (
    SELECT DISTINCT
    product_id,
    LAST_VALUE(new_price) OVER (
        PARTITION BY product_id 
        ORDER BY change_date 
        ROWS BETWEEN UNBOUNDED PRECEDING AND UNBOUNDED FOLLOWING
    ) AS price
    FROM Products
    where change_date <= '2019-08-16'
)
select distinct p.product_id, ifnull(c.price, 10) as 'price'
from products p
left join cte c on c.product_id = p.product_id
```
# Approach: First value window
Same as above but use the more simple function ordered descending.
## Code
### MySQL
```sql
with cte as (
    SELECT DISTINCT
    product_id,
    first_value(new_price) OVER (
        PARTITION BY product_id 
        ORDER BY change_date desc
    ) AS price
    FROM Products
    where change_date <= '2019-08-16'
)
select distinct p.product_id, ifnull(c.price, 10) as 'price'
from products p
left join cte c on c.product_id = p.product_id
```
# Approach: Rank
Same as above but use the rank function to rank the changes and select the last one.
## Code
### MySQL
# Approach: Simple Union all
We take the product ids for the products that have the minimum date greater than the given date. This will give us only the products with price 10.
Now for there rest of them.
Select the product id and the new price for the products whose product id and change date is equal to subquery.
And in the subquery we take the product id and the max date that is less than or equal to the given date.
## Code
### MySQL
```sql
select product_id, 10 as price
from products 
group by product_id
having min(change_date) > '2019-08-16'

union all

select product_id, new_price price
from products 
where (product_id, change_date) in (
    select product_id, max(change_date)
    from products 
    where change_date <= '2019-08-16'
    group by product_id
)
```