# Problem Statement
Table: `Weather`

| Column Name   | Type    |
|---------------|---------|
| id            | int     |
| recordDate    | date    |
| temperature   | int     |

`id` is the column with unique values for this table.
There are no different rows with the same `recordDate`.
This table contains information about the `temperature` on a certain day.

Write a solution to find all dates' `id` with higher temperatures compared to its previous dates (yesterday).

Return the result table in **any order**.

The result format is in the following example.
# Examples
## Example 1
**Input:** 
Weather table:

| id | recordDate | temperature |
|----|------------|-------------|
| 1  | 2015-01-01 | 10          |
| 2  | 2015-01-02 | 25          |
| 3  | 2015-01-03 | 20          |
| 4  | 2015-01-04 | 30          |

**Output:** 

| id |
|----|
| 2  |
| 4  |

**Explanation:** 
- In 2015-01-02, the temperature was higher than the previous day (10 -> 25).
- In 2015-01-04, the temperature was higher than the previous day (20 -> 30).
# Approach: Join
An interesting problem with lots of solutions.
The first one involves a join. 

We can join the table with itself on the condition that each record is matched with the one on the previous day, meaning that the difference between the two dates is 1.
Then the problem becomes a simple select.
## Code
### MySQL
```sql
select w1.id
from weather w1
join weather w2 on datediff(w1.recordDate, w2.recordDate) = 1
where w1.temperature > w2.temperature
```
# Approach: Cartesian Product
An inferior approach would be to use a Cartesian product of the two instances of the `weather` tables.
It is very similar to the Join approach.
## Code
### MySQL
```sql
select w1.id
from weather w1, weather w2
where datediff(w1.recordDate, w2.recordDate) = 1 
    and w1.temperature > w2.temperature
```
# Approach: Subquery
The exact same approach as discussed above but implemented as a subquery where we select the id of the weather record if the temperature is greater than the temperature in the previous day, which is computed using a subquery with the exact same conditions as above.
## Code
### MySQL
```sql
select w1.id
from weather w1
where w1.temperature > (
    select w2.temperature
    from weather w2
    where datediff(w1.recordDate, w2.recordDate) = 1 
)
```
# Approach: CTE with LAG
Big boy time!

We can we the window function `lag` to access data from a previous row within the same result set without using a self-join.
This is used for comparing values between consecutive rows or calculating differences.

For every record in the `weather` tables we are selecting the previous temperature. In the over clause we specify the ordering that determines the previous row. The value 1 means the offset.

This is wrapped in a common table expression but it could just as easily have been written as a subquery.
## Code
### MySQL
```sql
with previous_weather as (
    select id, recordDate, temperature,
    lag(temperature, 1) over (order by recordDate) as previous_temperature,
    lag(recordDate, 1) over (order by recordDate) as previous_recorddate
    from weather
)

select id
from previous_weather
where temperature > previous_temperature
and datediff(recordDate, previous_recorddate) = 1
```