# Problem Statement

## Constraints

# Examples
## Example 1
# Hints
- 
# Explanation
The problem asks us if we can construct k palindromes using characters of a string.
The question now is: how does the frequency of characters affect the construction of a palindrome?

First of all, individual characters count as palindromes. If we don't have enough characters, that is the length of the string is less than k, then we can't create k palindromes.

Even count of letters are the easiest to process since they can form palindromes freely. Let's say a pair of the character 'a' can itself be a palindrome, can be split into two palindromes, or be part of a bigger palindrome.

Odd count of letters are the limiting factor of the number of palindromes because there can be only 1 character with odd count in the middle of a palindrome. So if the number of odd letters is greater than k, then we can't create k palindromes since some letters won't be part of bigger palindromes and are going to be by themselves and be counted.

This problem is like this. You count the number of odd letters. And you build palindromes around them. Even number letters can wrap around an odd letter to form a bigger palindrome.

E.g. the character 'b' and two 'a's. We will have 'aba'.

But if we have more than k odd count letters, then the number of palindromes can't be reduced since the odd count letters can only be palindromes by themselves or wrapped around by even number of letters.
# Approach: Count

## Code
### C++
### C\#
### Python
## Complexity Analysis
### Time Complexity

### Space Complexity
