# Problem Statement
You are given a **0-indexed** string `s` and a **0-indexed** integer array `spaces` that describes the indices in the original string where spaces will be added. Each space should be inserted **before** the character at the given index.

- For example, given `s = "EnjoyYourCoffee"` and `spaces = [5, 9]`, we place spaces before `'Y'` and `'C'`, which are at indices `5` and `9` respectively. Thus, we obtain `"Enjoy Your Coffee"`.

Return _the modified string **after** the spaces have been added._
## Constraints
- `1 <= s.length <= 3 *` $10^5$
- `s` consists only of lowercase and uppercase English letters.
- `1 <= spaces.length <= 3 *` $10^5$
- `0 <= spaces[i] <= s.length - 1`
- All the values of `spaces` are **strictly increasing**.
# Examples
## Example 1
**Input:** s = `"LeetcodeHelpsMeLearn"`, spaces = `[8,13,15]`
**Output:** `"Leetcode Helps Me Learn"`
**Explanation:** 
The indices 8, 13, and 15 correspond to the underlined characters in "Leetcode**H**elps**M**e**L**earn".
We then place spaces before those characters.
## Example 2
**Input:** s = `"icodeinpython"`, spaces = `[1,5,7,9]`
**Output:** `"i code in py thon"`
**Explanation:**
The indices 1, 5, 7, and 9 correspond to the underlined characters in "i**c**ode**i**n**p**y**t**hon".
We then place spaces before those characters.
## Example 3
**Input:** s = `"spacing"`, spaces = `[0,1,2,3,4,5,6]`
**Output:** `" s p a c i n g"`
**Explanation:**
We are also able to place spaces before the first character of the string.
# Hints
- Create a new string, initially empty, as the modified string. Iterate through the original string and append each character of the original string to the new string. However, each time you reach a character that requires a space before it, append a space before appending the character.
- Since the array of indices for the space locations is sorted, use a pointer to keep track of the next index to place a space. Only increment the pointer once a space has been appended.
- Ensure that your append operation can be done in O(1).
# Explanation
We need to construct a string that contains spaces at the indexes specified by the `spaces` vector.
# Approach: Two-Pointers
The total length of the string is the size of the current string plus the total number of spaces that we need to insert.
We allocate such a string and then define 3 pointers.
One will traverse the input string, one will traverse the result string and the other will traverse the spaces array;

The main pointer that is going to move is the input string index going from 0 to n - 1, where n is the size of the input string.
If the current index in the input string equals the current index in the spaces array pointed by the `spaceIndex` variable, then we will append a space at the current index in the result string.
Regardless of whether or not this operation happened, we then append the current character to the result string. Thus you can observe, the result index moves every time we add a new character.
## Code
### C++
```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    string addSpaces(string s, vector<int>& spaces) {
        int totalLength = s.size() + spaces.size(); 
        string result(totalLength, '\0');

        int sIndex = 0, spacesIndex = 0, resultIndex = 0;

        while (sIndex < s.size()) {
            if (spacesIndex < spaces.size() && sIndex == spaces[spacesIndex]) {
                result[resultIndex++] = ' '; 
                spacesIndex++;
            }
            result[resultIndex++] = s[sIndex++]; 
        }

        return result; 
    }
};
```
### C\#
```csharp
public class Solution {
    public string AddSpaces(string s, int[] spaces) {
        int totalLength = s.Length + spaces.Length;

		// char[] result = new char[totalLength];
        StringBuilder result = new StringBuilder();

        int sIndex = 0, spacesIndex = 0; // resultIndex = 0;
        while (sIndex < s.Length) {
            if (spacesIndex < spaces.Length && sIndex == spaces[spacesIndex]) {
	            // result[resultIndex++] = ' ';
                result.Append(" ");
                spacesIndex++;
            }
            // result[resultIndex++] = s[sIndex++];
            result.Append(s[sIndex++]);
        }

        return result.ToString();
    }
}
```
### Python
```python
class Solution:
    def addSpaces(self, s: str, spaces: List[int]) -> str:
        totalLength = len(s) + len(spaces)
        result = [''] * totalLength
        
        sIndex = 0
        spacesIndex = 0
        resultIndex = 0

        while sIndex < len(s):
            if spacesIndex < len(spaces) and sIndex == spaces[spacesIndex]:
                result[resultIndex] = ' '
                resultIndex += 1
                spacesIndex += 1
            
            result[resultIndex] = s[sIndex]
            resultIndex += 1
            sIndex += 1

        return "".join(result)
```
## Complexity Analysis
### Time Complexity
The algorithm iterates through the string `s` of length n using a `for` loop, making the primary contribution to the time complexity O(n).

For every position in `s`, it checks against the current space index in the `spaces` array, which has a maximum size of `m`. Since `spaceIndex` is incremented only when a space is added, this contributes O(m) to the time complexity.

Appending characters and spaces to the `result` string is efficient due to the pre-allocation of memory, which ensures these operations occur in amortized O(1). Thus, the total time complexity is O(n+m).
### Space Complexity
If we only account for auxiliary space, the space complexity can be considered O(1) because we are using a few integer variables (`spaceIndex`, `stringIndex`) to control the flow.

However, since the result string (constructed via built-in functions) holds n characters from `s` and `m` spaces, the space required to store the result is O(n+m). This is the space required for the output string and is a direct consequence of the problem's input/output constraints.
# Approach: Split and Join
Inspired by languages such as Python, you can actually create a result array by appending slices of the input string and then joining them back into the result string using spaces in between using build in functions and features.
The slices are done by traversing the spaces array and creating a slice from the previous index to the current. At the beginning, 0 is the previous index.
## Code
### C++
No C++ :'(
### C\#
```csharp
public class Solution {
    public string AddSpaces(string s, int[] spaces) {
        var result = new List<string>();

        int index = 0;
        foreach (var space in spaces) {
            result.Add(s[index..space]);
            index = space;
        }
        result.Add(s[index..]);

        return string.Join(" ", result);
    }
}
```
### Python
```python
class Solution:
    def addSpaces(self, s: str, spaces: List[int]) -> str:
        index, result = 0, []

        for space in spaces:
            result.append(s[index : space])
            index = space
        result.append(s[index :])
        
        return " ".join(result)
```