# Problem Statement
You are given two **0-indexed** strings `str1` and `str2`.

In an operation, you select a **set** of indices in `str1`, and for each index `i` in the set, increment `str1[i]` to the next character **cyclically**. That is `'a'` becomes `'b'`, `'b'` becomes `'c'`, and so on, and `'z'` becomes `'a'`.

Return `true` _if it is possible to make_ `str2` _a subsequence of_ `str1` _by performing the operation **at most once**_, _and_ `false` _otherwise_.

**Note:** A subsequence of a string is a new string that is formed from the original string by deleting some (possibly none) of the characters without disturbing the relative positions of the remaining characters.
## Constraints
- `1 <= str1.length <= 105`
- `1 <= str2.length <= 105`
- `str1` and `str2` consist of only lowercase English letters.
# Examples
## Example 1
**Input:** str1 = "abc", str2 = "ad"
**Output:** true
**Explanation:** Select index 2 in str1.
Increment `str1[2]` to become 'd'. 
Hence, str1 becomes "abd" and str2 is now a subsequence. Therefore, true is returned.
## Example 2
**Input:** str1 = "zc", str2 = "ad"
**Output:** true
**Explanation:** Select indices 0 and 1 in str1. 
Increment `str1[0]` to become 'a'. 
Increment `str1[1]` to become 'd'. 
Hence, str1 becomes "ad" and str2 is now a subsequence. Therefore, true is returned.
## Example 3
**Input:** str1 = "ab", str2 = "d"
**Output:** false
**Explanation:** In this example, it can be shown that it is impossible to make str2 a subsequence of str1 using the operation at most once. 
Therefore, false is returned.
# Hints
- Consider the indices we will increment separately.
- We can maintain two pointers: pointer `i` for `str1` and pointer `j` for `str2`, while ensuring they remain within the bounds of the strings.
- If both `str1[i]` and `str2[j]` match, or if incrementing `str1[i]` matches `str2[j]`, we increase both pointers; otherwise, we increment only pointer `i`.
- It is possible to make `str2` a subsequence of `str1` if `j` is at the end of `str2`, after we can no longer find a match.
# Explanation
The definitions for the cyclic nature of the next letter for a given letter or for a subsequence of a given string are explained in the problem statement.
To compute the next letter of the alphabet for a given letter, we either return `'a'` if the current character is `'z'`, or `letter + 1`.

The brute force solution as given by LeetCode is more challenging than the most optimal approach.
One thing to highlight from the problem statement is that we can select a set of indices and apply the operations, or in other words we can apply the operation on any indices by at most once.
# Approach: Two Pointers
This is the same as checking if a string is a subsequence of a another string without applying any operations. Only this time we perform another check for the next letter in the alphabet for a letter in the original string.

I am going to name the main string, the one we are looking into for a subsequence, the `haystack` and the other string that is the potential subsequence will be called `needle`.

So what is that approach? We take two pointer, one for the haystack and one for the needle.
We traverse the entire haystack and check if the current letter or its next letter of the alphabet match the current letter of the needle. If so, then we advance the pointer of the needle.
At the end, the needle's pointer will have a value equal to the needle's size if there was a match and anything else otherwise.
## Code
### C++
```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    bool canMakeSubsequence(string str1, string str2) {
        int firstIndex = 0, secondIndex = 0;
        while (firstIndex < str1.size()) {
            if (secondIndex < str2.size() && (str1[firstIndex] == str2[secondIndex] 
            || nextChar(str1[firstIndex]) == str2[secondIndex])) {
                secondIndex++;
            }
            firstIndex++;
        }
        return secondIndex == str2.size();
    }

    char nextChar(char c) {
        if (c == 'z') return 'a';
        return c + 1;
    }
};
```
### C\#
```csharp
public class Solution {
    public bool CanMakeSubsequence(string haystack, string needle) {
        int needleIndex = 0;
        for (int haystackIndex = 0; haystackIndex < haystack.Length; haystackIndex++) {
            if (needleIndex < needle.Length 
            && (haystack[haystackIndex] == needle[needleIndex] 
                || NextLetter(haystack[haystackIndex]) == needle[needleIndex])) {
                needleIndex++;
            }
        }
        return needleIndex == needle.Length;
    }

    public char NextLetter(char letter) {
        if (letter == 'z') return 'a';
        return (char)(letter + 1);
    }
}
```
### Python
```python
class Solution:
    def canMakeSubsequence(self, haystack: str, needle: str) -> bool:
        def next_letter(letter: str) -> str:
            return 'a' if letter == 'z' else chr(ord(letter) + 1)

        needle_index = 0

        for haystack_char in haystack:
            if (needle_index < len(needle) and 
                (haystack_char == needle[needle_index] or 
                 next_letter(haystack_char) == needle[needle_index])):
                needle_index += 1

        return needle_index == len(needle)
```
## Complexity Analysis
### Time Complexity
Linear time complexity since we are traversing the length of the haystack.
### Space Complexity
Constant space complexity because we keep track of two indices.